Update checkboxgroup.mdx (#3485)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/checkboxgroup.mdx

### Best practices

- CheckBoxGroup should be used to select zero or more options from a list.
- In a CheckBoxGroup, options are independent from one another.
- Settings changed by checkboxes should not take effect until the user clicks to proceed.
- It is recommended to have only 4 or fewer options in a CheckBoxGroup.

> - Use [SelectMultiple](/components/SelectMultiple) when multiple selections can be made in a list that contains 5 or more items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [SelectMultiple](/components/selectmultiple#best-practices) with search when multiple selections can be made in a list that contains 10 or more items.
```

> - Use [SelectMultiple](/components/selectmultiple#best-practices) with search when multiple selections can be made in a list that contains 10 or more items.

Reviewer 2: Feels like we should also have the bullet here about using SelectMultiple when there are >4 but <10 items.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use [SelectMultiple](/components/selectmultiple#best-practices) with search when multiple selections can be made in a list that contains 5-9 items; use [SelectMultiple](/components/selectmultiple#best-practices) with search when containing 10 or more items.
```
